ABOUT DUTA BHINA FOUNDATION

Dode, paragraf kelima di ganti dengan ini: 

In October 2021, the DBB Foundation launched The People's Law Centre (PLC), a Legal Aid Center for the local community, as well as for  foreigners, in Bali, Indonesia, whereby everyone may have direct access to affordable legal advice.  
The PLC recognizes the need of individuals, both foreign and locals to understand their rights, when faced with legal issues. It also strives to establish a peaceful and secure environment for all Bali residents. Only by giving objective and clear legal information can this be accomplished, resulting in fewer individuals becoming victims of fraudsters and scammers

In July 2022, the DBB Foundation spearheaded the  "Srikandi Justice Campaign" in Bali, a campaign to raise awareness for domestic violence, particularly among Balinese and other local Indonesians.    It is important to realise and understand how this current COVID pandemic has exacerbated the issues of domestic violence. 

With some families loosing their jobs and more importantly, the loss of a stable income, has added to the financial burden for these families.  With the onslaught of Covid, some busineses and most schools were closed for almost 2 years or more.  Thus, this resulted in increased time spent within the confines of the home, which sadly has resulted in the increase of physical and emotional abuse amongst some families.

The DBB Foundation, who always advocate for vulnerable mothers and their children, has thus decided to take the lead to address the Domestic Violence in Bali.  The campaign will allow the general public to be aware of the resources available to all victims, in some extreme cases, offering them a safehouse where they and their children can seek some solace from their perpertrators.  With focus on more information-sharing, with the general public, more and more people will come to learn that there's help from both local authorities and via the DBB foundation.  

Our Domestic Violence tagline reads: BREAK THE SILENCE! STOP THE VIOLENCE!.  The General Public are encouraged to report incidents of any emotional and physical abuse by contacting us at: WA 62-819.4977.8670



